<!---------------

You need 4 commits per chapter ... make those one basic commit of text with basic html
										second commit - css
										third commit - audio 
										fourth commit - svg


Stravinsky "Spring Rounds" - 8m03s of 34m:39s in "Cmaj7 The Rite of Spring"



- might be a good start. 



zatknis' (zat'kn'ees "shut" - as in shut up)


                  Chapter one: 



Piotr awoke, he's not quite awake, warm in his bed. No point in moving just yet, the room is still dark. 

Something extraordinary had stirred him. The eaves of the house were flowing with chatter, geese honking, crunching steps in 

the last snow of winter. It hadn't snowed in about 4 weeks, but still, the snow stood meters high in narrow

areas where it could gather. 



There are more people than young Piotr has ever seen. "There must be over two ten-teen!" he told his brother Roma.

A fresh white blouse with a red waistcoat and a pair of blue trousers are neatly placed on a chair in the 

boys room. "Go eat some, IDI POYESH!! (A nice way of saying 'Go eat some')" his mother said passing in the hall. 

His father "Roma! Piotr! YES DAVAI!" (Eat already!!! - hurry up!!). 



A large crowd are still slowly shuffling past the windows, murmuring and giggling, they are making an early 

start to the festival.

"Nu khvatit Fyodor!" (well enough! * No that's enough) his hand stops short of another blinchiki, he dips the one he has for a second time

into the flush jar of honey. Katyusha, Fyodor's wife gives him the same disapproving glance she gives to the kids when they are greedy. 

He deserves it. [ He's come into money over the past year and has been very observant of peacetime in the home. 

She remembers that it has only been a year since he was found in the snow, drunk out of his mind. ]

Great Auntie Gaila not impressed with much of anything, doubles the disapproving look and glances toward the crowd still moving past the window. She mutters something about Fyodors appetite and how big his belly has gotten. Half of what she said is heard "What was that Baba Gailia?" 

"Nichevo" she smiles as the boys come down the open stairs. 

The boys move past a living room full of dead things, stuffed bears and foxes, pictures of relatives adorned with fake gold flake and dull gold paint in wooden frames. This part of the house smells like dust and is better moved through at pace to get to the kitchen table. 

Piotr, still not dressed in the clothes laid out for him weeks ago, sits at the part of the table that is covered in the morning sun. The light cascades through the open pot of honey, it creates refractions of amber light across 

the table. The people still passing by the kitchen windows in the hurried murmur and clattering of fixtures. Romas 

mouth is stuffed with pancakes, so is Piotors. Fyodor passes back the look his wife had given him. Breakfast is over. Piotr, Roma and Fyodor need to be dressed. 



The rabble gets more concentrated toward the front door. 

Stuk Stuk Stuk -471 words

								Chapter Two: 

Stuk Stuk Stuk... 

Piotr gets up from the table and runs to the door, "Uncle Vanya!". "Piotinka! Are you ready to leave?" without entering and the snow melting over the door, a few drops fall on his black tousled hair. A young man he stands tall "Come in Vanya! Idi poyesh! You look so thin, where is that fat boy gone from so many years ago?" said GA Galia. The boys laugh and blow out their cheeks "I am here to find the witch that put this spell of ageing on you Great Auntie". She smiles and returns toward the table to the table, where Fyodor obliviously sits, scornfully look again at Fyodor. Fyodor, not really paying attention to his brother in law, is starting at the last pancake as a hungry wolf would stare at a lamb caught in a hedge. 

"No time to eat, we need to start making our way to the festival, I have a bigger part this year than last" Vanya says to his Sister. "I see you are looking very smart in your costume, I must say" turning to the boys Kathrine ushers them to get ready. "We have a bigger part for you, seeing as you are getting bigger yourself Fyodor" Vanya presents Fyodor with a bag of straw, "make yourself an outfit, there should be plenty there". Fyodor accepts begrudgingly, Galia smirks to herself as Fyodor is probably unaware as he is of everything else that he has the worst hayfever anyone could possibly imagine. "Your family has stupid traditions you know" sadly says Fyodor as he looks into the tangled bag of straw, "Well at least this year they don't ask you to dress the part of the horse eh?" - Kathrine kisses him on the cheek as he leaves for the outside shed to prepare the outfit. "Don't forget th.." before Vanya can speak "I know..." says Fyodor taking a rabbit mask made of wood from the wall. He sullenly mopes out the door as uncle Vanya follows him mimicking his sulky sway out the door. The boys laugh again, now dressed its time to leave. "One more thing, Piotr, I have this for you" he presents a calm white goose "But!" exclaims Roma. "You did it last year, it's your brothers turn now" assuringly Great Aunt Galia smiles "you will have a new role next time" she takes out a little green sweet from her pocket and secretly passes it to Roma without Piotr noticing. He is honestly quite scared of the goose but agrees to hold it anyway. 

They leave onto Vanya's cart joining the streams of people also with geese heading in this one direction. 

They take the prisoners marching road. 

As they get ahead of the crowd, Vanya takes out a small accordion and begins to play. Around the first bend on the road, there is a small wood, they see people dressed in all manner of straw outfits. They are sweeping around a large kind of a mound, the mound takes up the whole edge of the road. It's dotted with holes, the straw people are going in and out of these large burrows gathering berries and other items from the area. One man approaches the cart and gives them a basket of blackberries. 

"Where are we Uncle?" asks Piotor. "About 800 kilometres west of Moscow"... "No really". This road explained Uncle was a place where all communities crossed in the path. The people in the rabbit masks and straw costumes were simply people from another town over with different traditions. In the past, they had led the festivities and in the future, he explained, they may do again. He told Piotr many stories about this road (Napoleon's army) and how the oldest tree in the whole country was planted by their great..great.. great.. he said great so many times that both Roma and Piotr lost count, great..great..grandparents. "Roma, you are old enough to lead the cart the rest of the way" Vanya passing the reigns to Roma climbing into the back of the cart "I spent the whole night travelling here. Roma, you wake me when we get to the next bend in the road" 

"Where are we Roma?" asked Piotr again almost immediately. Roma checking over his shoulder to confirm his Uncle sleeping, leaning sideways to Piotr, quietly he whispered in a sinister tone "We are on the way to the dacha of the baba yaga". - 
749 words

						Chapter 3: 

"Who's baba is the baba yaga?" piotor now standing up in the cart demanding curiosity be satiated. "Sit down Piotor, you'll fall and wake uncle"

The baba yaga, is no ones baba explained Roma. She is a little old lady who lives in the woods "She sounds nice" smiled Piotor. "She's not" replied Roma, she is the grandmother of Satan. She does not wear a pointed black hat or ride upon a broom he explained, but she has a long nose and sharp wooden teeth. "Dont worry little brother, unless you can not do what she asks from you, then there is no problem..." he went on to explain the tasks must simply be to gather all the wood in the forest in a day, spin all the cotton into yarn in that same forest and fill her bath using a sieve. Roma smiling like an ass, "if I forgot to say already, she eats children who can not do her chores, you probably wont be able to do her chores Piotor, I am just telling you now, before we get there so it wont be a shock for you." Chaining hurrdily the details together before their uncle might be woken by a bump in the road. "Oh yeah! Her house stands up on two great big chicken feet, so even if she doesnt see you, the house will. You have to say the magic words, "turn your back to the forest, and your front to me"

"I was there once you know,I said the magic words and the house had a cocks head on the roof and it looked and me and screamed, the house turned towards me and starting walking. I simply said "Izboushka, stoy!" Then I rescued a girl from the baba yaga's dirty hut, she was a princess but she lives in another country, thats why you've never met her."

Piotr is captivated and a little scared believing every word his brother lays upon him. "poslushay little brother, if you do not take my warnings seriously, the baba yaga will make you gather wood all day and kick you into the fire you supplied, or make you gather water with a bucket that has a hole in it, from a spring full of toads and spiders. She will turn your bones into the front gate of her garden. 

1. She eats kids that dont listen to their parents 



